Khan Academy offers instructional and practice resources across an increasing range of subjects and grades.
To view a current list, click “Courses” in the top left corner of the Khan Academy website.

Khan Academy has more courses than we can fit on the Courses menu (seen above). For additional courses in each content area, select the “See all” link at the bottom of the course list for that subject area. For example, select “See all Math” to see all of our available Math courses.

Khan Academy Kids for early learners
Khan Academy Kids inspires a lifetime of learning and discovery through a free, fun education program for children ages two to eight. The app-based program engages kids in core subjects like early literacy, reading, writing, language, and math, while encouraging creativity and building social-emotional skills. Teacher tools allow teachers to assign lessons to students and monitor progress. Khan Academy Kids was developed in collaboration with learning experts at Stanford and is aligned with the Head Start Early Learning Outcomes Framework and Common Core Standards.

Elementary courses
In addition to the early learning content available on Khan Academy Kids, Khan Academy offers comprehensive elementary content in math, as well as Common Core-aligned reading, vocabulary, and essential grammar topics. Explore Khan Academy’s elementary resources by choosing a topic below:
Grammar
2nd grade math
2nd grade reading & vocabulary (beta)
Get ready for 3rd grade
3rd grade math
3rd grade reading & vocabulary (beta)
Get ready for 4th grade
4th grade math
4th grade reading & vocabulary (beta)
Get ready for 5th grade
5th grade math
5th grade reading & vocabulary (beta)
Middle school courses
Khan Academy’s middle school content covers all 6–8 grade math concepts, as well as key grammar topics and resources for computer science teachers. Choose a topic below to see more:
Grammar
Get ready for 6th grade
6th grade math
6th grade reading & vocabulary (beta)
Get ready for 7th grade
7th grade math
7th grade reading & vocabulary (beta)
Get ready for 8th grade
8th grade math
8th grade reading & vocabulary (beta)
Computer animation (built in collaboration with Pixar)
Hour of Code
Computer programming
High school courses
Khan Academy’s high school content covers all 9–12 grade math concepts, along with topics in history, science, technology, and several other areas. Khan Academy also has resources to support students in many Advanced Placement (AP) courses. Check out our resources for yourself by choosing a link below:
Math
We suggest two paths:
Path A
Get ready for Algebra I
Algebra 1
Get ready for Geometry
Geometry
Get ready for Algebra 2
Algebra 2
Get ready for Precalculus
Precalculus
High school statistics
Path B
Mathematics 1
Mathematics 2
Mathematics 3
Additional math courses
Differential equations
Linear algebra
Multivariable calculus
History
Big History Project
US government and civics
US history
World history
World History Project - Origins
World History Project - 1750
Science
High school biology
High school physics
Computing
Computer animation (built in collaboration with Pixar)
Computer programming
Computer science
Hour of Code
Advanced Placement (AP)/College
AP Art History
AP Biology
AP Calculus AB
AP Calculus BC
AP Chemistry (beta)
AP Computer Science Principles
AP Macroeconomics
AP Microeconomics
AP Physics 1
AP Physics 2
AP Statistics
AP US Government & Politics
AP US History
AP World History
Additional courses
9th grade reading & vocabulary (beta)
Grammar
Art history
Cosmology and astronomy
Electrical engineering
Macroeconomics
Microeconomics
SAT prep
Aligned curricula
Khan Academy has curated our resources to align with the Eureka Math/EngageNY curriculum. These articles provide additional information on how to use our Eureka Math/EngageNY resources for remediation and on-grade level support.

Khan Academy has also created materials to enable personalized practice alongside the Illustrative Mathematics curriculum. The Khan Academy team collaborated with experts at Illustrative Mathematics to create the best possible alignment of our materials to the Illustrative Mathematics curriculum.
